c:\users\oscar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe.config
c:\users\oscar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe
c:\users\oscar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.pdb
c:\users\oscar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.xml
c:\users\oscar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\oscar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Form1.resources
c:\users\oscar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Resources.resources
c:\users\oscar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\oscar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe
c:\users\oscar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.xml
c:\users\oscar\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\Oscar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Productos.resources
C:\Users\Oscar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Principal.resources
C:\Users\Oscar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Provedores.resources
C:\Users\Oscar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Inventario.resources
C:\Users\Oscar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Catalogo.resources
C:\Users\Oscar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Directorio.resources
C:\Users\Oscar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Express.resources
C:\Users\Oscar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Ganancias.resources
C:\Users\Oscar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Stock.resources
C:\Users\Oscar\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Ventas.resources
C:\Users\Estacion-6\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe.config
C:\Users\Estacion-6\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe
C:\Users\Estacion-6\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\Estacion-6\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.xml
C:\Users\Estacion-6\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.vbprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Estacion-6\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Catalogo.resources
C:\Users\Estacion-6\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Directorio.resources
C:\Users\Estacion-6\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Express.resources
C:\Users\Estacion-6\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Estacion-6\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Ganancias.resources
C:\Users\Estacion-6\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Inventario.resources
C:\Users\Estacion-6\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Estacion-6\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Principal.resources
C:\Users\Estacion-6\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Productos.resources
C:\Users\Estacion-6\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Provedores.resources
C:\Users\Estacion-6\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Stock.resources
C:\Users\Estacion-6\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Ventas.resources
C:\Users\Estacion-6\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.vbproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\Estacion-6\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Estacion-6\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe
C:\Users\Estacion-6\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.xml
C:\Users\Estacion-6\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.pdb
D:\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe.config
D:\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe
D:\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.xml
D:\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.pdb
D:\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe
D:\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.pdb
D:\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.xml
D:\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Catalogo.resources
D:\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Directorio.resources
D:\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Express.resources
D:\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Form1.resources
D:\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Ganancias.resources
D:\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Inventario.resources
D:\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Resources.resources
D:\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Principal.resources
D:\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Productos.resources
D:\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Provedores.resources
D:\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Stock.resources
D:\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Ventas.resources
D:\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Oscar\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe.config
C:\Users\Oscar\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe
C:\Users\Oscar\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.xml
C:\Users\Oscar\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\Oscar\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.exe
C:\Users\Oscar\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.pdb
C:\Users\Oscar\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\bin\Debug\WindowsApplication2.xml
C:\Users\Oscar\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Oscar\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Catalogo.resources
C:\Users\Oscar\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Directorio.resources
C:\Users\Oscar\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Express.resources
C:\Users\Oscar\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Oscar\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Ganancias.resources
C:\Users\Oscar\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Inventario.resources
C:\Users\Oscar\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Oscar\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Principal.resources
C:\Users\Oscar\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Productos.resources
C:\Users\Oscar\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Provedores.resources
C:\Users\Oscar\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Stock.resources
C:\Users\Oscar\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.Ventas.resources
C:\Users\Oscar\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Oscar\Desktop\WindowsApplication2\WindowsApplication2\obj\Debug\WindowsApplication2.factura.resources
